# CS370-Current-Emerging-Trends

# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
The work that needed to be done on this project was the implementation of the Q-learning algorithm. We were given code that setup the environment, built the neural network, and ran the game. I created the code that implemented deep Q-learning, which involved the agent starting in a random location, calling other methods that were given to us, and training the model. 
# Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science: What do computer scientists do and why does it matter? How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist? What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
Computer scientists solve problems, whether they are big or small. These problems can be in many different fields such as medicine and technology. It matters because computer scientists are not just here to hyper focus on technology problems but are able to help many industries and fields to solve problems that can help improve the world. I approach a problem with the idea that there is a solution to solve the problem. I do not look at a problem as an obstacle or a wall, I look at it as a puzzle to solve, which is the fun part. My ethical responsibilities to the end users and organization are many. There is the ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct that really outlines and goes into what your ethical responsibilities are. Ultimately though my ethical responsibilities are to make sure that I protect the end user and organization. 
